doc: add more details to grpc-compression configs (#18335) (#21064)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `grpc-compression-type`

> + The compression algorithm for gRPC messages, which affects gRPC messages between TiKV nodes and gRPC response messages sent from TiKV to TiDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The compression algorithm for gRPC messages. It affects gRPC messages between TiKV nodes. Starting from v6.5.11, v7.1.6, and v7.5.3, it also affects gRPC response messages sent from TiKV to TiDB.
```
